jQuery - YUI3 - AlloyUI: Rosetta Stone
===========================

The [jQuery - YUI3 - AlloyUI: Rosetta Stone][auirs] is a guide to idioms in [jQuery][jquery], [YUI3][yui3] and [AlloyUI][alloyui] intended as an aid for developers who are familiar with one
library and are interested in using or learning more about the other. It may
also be helpful as a general cheat sheet for both libraries.

The original [jQuery - YUI3: Rosetta Stone][rs] was created by [Carlos Bueno][cb], and is now maintained by the YUI team and Paul Irish of the jQuery team. This is a fork that added [AlloyUI][alloyui], and is maintained by Liferay.

This is a reference, not an evaluation or comparison of the libraries. If you
have an opinion about which one is "better", that's great, but we don't want to
hear it.

Contributing
------------

The Rosetta Stone is by no means complete or authoritative, so your
contributions, bug reports, and suggestions are more than welcome.

Please report bugs via the [GitHub issue tracker][issues]. Suggestions are
welcome in the form of enhancement tickets or commit comments.

To contribute a patch, please fork the [GitHub project][gh], create a topic
branch for your change, commit your change to the branch, and then send a GitHub
pull request from your branch with a description of the change and why you think
we should pick it up.

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2010, Carlos Bueno
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
  other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Carlos Bueno nor the names of its contributors may be used
  to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
  prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

[cb]:http://carlos.bueno.org/
[gh]:http://github.com/rgrove/jquery-yui3-rosetta-stone/
[issues]:http://github.com/rgrove/jquery-yui3-rosetta-stone/issues
[jquery]:http://jquery.com/
[alloyui]:http://alloyui.com/
[rs]:http://jsrosettastone.com/
[auirs]:http://auirosettastone.com/
[yui3]:http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/3/
